Finding Stillness in the Noise: Guided Meditation | Eckhart Tolle
Many things vie for minds attention, they pull it in different directions thus creating stress.


D.G. If you think something is missing in your life no matter what you do. You will find that thing in the suck, repeatedly. 

Speak record and listen your fucked up story, trauma, fear. After listening it will just become another story. A powerful story with poison neutralized and power yours.

1* Record your dread, weakness your complaints and it will challenge you to not waste your time.

2* Pretend you motivate friend, optimism and solution based approach. 

It's a skill to practice your approach will change.

- Elon M , maybe make vid
Happiness is reality minus expectations. If expectations rise reality must follow in order to be happy, but that's hard. People keep re-calibrating so they are never happy no matter how better is life now than in the past.

For ex I'm enthusiasmatic about good quality elastic bands, because I experienced bad ones. If  I recommend and 
someone follow advice they can say they suck, don't understand the hype etc. Of course you didn't experienced the bad ones. Similar mecanism with hedonic adaptation I think, maybe insert that too.

- Chinese kid scrolling tik tock until he reaches dancing young attractive girl that dances and has sexy dress
When parent asks witch video you like he says this one. He doesn't know why but he likes it. Just like fast food and ultra processed food, your first instinct is that you like it, the consequences are later.

- observation : You see videos on youtube and make an impression on you, but what you don't consider is the work behind the scenes that you don't see. The work, the preparation, the team, the many mistakes people make when they produce the videos. It's like seeing someone with nice job, nice car, nice house, college degree, family and say man he/she got things figured out, only to realize he/she is human and our default state is that we are messy, illogical creatures capable of discipline, logic, learning.

- when make videos, the message at beggining or end is skipped so put in around the middle and keep it short, like subscribe and you can buy my products at bla bla bla. 

- make notes and make vid discipline 
	alan watts discipline = learning a skill, make it fun

mobster gallo story how he ended up reading hard philosophy books when he was impulsive and violent mobster
he went to a place asked more protection money the owner tried to negotiate: 
	Owner: How am I going to pay that much ?
	Gallo: Your problem not mine but if you don't pay I'm going to break your legs. 

He got recorded and went to jail.


- 
Anxiety Recovery Is Not Always A Straight Line / Addiction too
You will have ups and downs, because you don't know the terrain. But that's normal all you need to know that if you move in the right direction you will be fine. You will achieve. Even better stay present and learn from present hardships.



